load: inline fetch `response.body` data to page (#11473)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/short-oranges-kiss.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": minor
---

> feature: inline load fetch `response.body` stream data as base64 in page ([#11473](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/pull/11473))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: inline load fetch `response.body` stream data as base64 in page
```
